[Event Hubs Client] Core Samples Overhaul (#16479)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/eventhub/Azure.Messaging.EventHubs/samples/Sample04_PublishingEvents.md

var eventHubName = "<< NAME OF THE EVENT HUB >>";

var producer = new EventHubProducerClient(connectionString, eventHubName);

try
{
    using var eventBatch = await producer.CreateBatchAsync();

    var eventBody = new BinaryData("This is an event body");
    var eventData = new EventData(eventBody);

    if (!eventBatch.TryAdd(eventData))
    {
        throw new Exception($"The event could not be added.");
    }
}
finally
{
    await producer.CloseAsync();
}
```

The `EventDataBatch` is scoped to a single publish operation.  Once that operation is complete, a new batch should be created for any additional events to be published.  The batch is responsible for unmanaged resources; it is recommended that you `Dispose` the batch after it has been published.

## Publishing events with automatic partition assignment

Allowing automatic assignment to partitions is recommended when publishing needs to be highly available and shouldn't fail if a single partition is experiencing trouble.  Automatic assignment also helps to ensure that event data is evenly distributed among all available partitions, which helps to ensure throughput when publishing and reading data.

> When the producer publishes the event, it will receive an acknowledgment from the Event Hubs service; so long as there is no exception thrown by this call, the service is now responsible for delivery.  Your event data will be published to one of the Event Hub partitions, thought here may be a slight delay until it is available to be read.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the producer publishes the event, it will receive an acknowledgment from the Event Hubs service; so long as there is no exception thrown by this call, the service assumes responsibility for delivery.  Your event data will be published to one of the Event Hub partitions, thought here may be a slight delay until it is available to be read.
```

Author: Much, much better....  thank you!
